h1. Contributing to TeX-UPMmethodology

Any contribution to the @TeX-UPMmethodology@ is welcome.
For setting up the development environment of @TeX-UPMmethodology@, please follow our recommendations in the following sections.

h2. 1. Issues

Issues related to @TeX-UPMmethodology@ are tracked on "GitHub":https://github.com/gallandarakhneorg/tex-upmethodology/issues.
You must use this issue tracker to report and follow your issues.

In the issue description, provide the following information:

* Your operating system (and version);
* The version of @TeX-UPMmethodology@ you are using;
* Your language and/or locale (e.g. "en-US");
* Clear steps to reproduce the bug (including a reduced-case user script, if applicable);
* Any error messages seen in the Error Console;
* A description of what you expected to happen;
* A description of what actually happened;


h2. 2. Guidelines for TeX-UPMmethodology developpers and contributors

This section describes how to set up the development environment for contributing to @TeX-UPMmethodology@.

h3. 2.1. Obtaining the @TeX-UPMmethodology@ Source Code

We recommend to fork the @TeX-UPMmethodology@ project into your own Github account, in order to make easier the pull request that is needed for sending your contribution.
Forking the @TeX-UPMmethodology@ project must be done through the Github web interface: click on the `Fork` button on the @TeX-UPMmethodology@ project page.


For obtaining the code of @TeX-UPMmethodology@, you must clone your fork from Github to your local harddisk:

@git clone https://github.com/<your_github_login>/tex-upmethodology@


h3. 2.2. Sending the Contribution

For sending your contribution to the @TeX-UPMmethodology@ master repository, you must request a pull (PR) to the
"GitHub repository":https://github.com/gallandarakhneorg/tex-upmethodology.

For being merged, your must ensure the following points:

* Your PR must be usable by pdflatex.
* Your PR must pass the compilation process successfully, including the code compilation, unit tests, and code style checking.
* You must add your name and email into the @AUTHORS@ and @README@ files.
* Your PR should be reviewed by one or more of the main contributors for ensuring it is following the development rules and philosophy related to @tex-upmethodology@.

The page of your PR on Github is displaying the status of your PR.
If one point is failing, please follows the steps:

* Fix the code of your PR on your local copy.
* Commit on your local repository, compile, and test until you have fixed the issue.
* Push the changes on the same PR with @git push -f@, i.e. the same Git repository as the one used for the PR. *Do not create a new PR for the fix.*


