h1. TEX-UPMETHODOLOGY

h2. Introduction

@tex-upmethodology@ is a (La)TeX style that enables you to create Unified Process methodology (UP or RUP) based documents (document version, history, authors, validators, specification, task management, helping tools...) with LaTeX. It offers a template that may be used to automate revisions, or simply to make it easier to collaborate on text based documentation that can be managed through a version control system with ease.

Because the @tex-upmethodology@ package is based on external definitions of layouts and styles, it has also been used successfully to write and publish scientific documents such as *reports*, *engineering theses*, *master theses*, and *PhD theses*.  An example of PhD thesis styles based on tex-upmethodology may be found at: http://www.multiagent.fr/ThesisStyle

h2. Installation

# Copy the content of the directory inside one of your @texmf@ directory,
# usually @/usr/share/texmf/tex/latex/upmethodology@ or @$HOME/.texmf@ on Unix
# operating systems.
# Update the LaTeX databases from the command line:

@$> mktexlsr@
@$> update-updmap --quiet@

h2. Authors

"Stéphane GALLAND":http://www.arakhne.org/homes/galland.html <galland@arakhne.org> (source, documentation)

"Benoît CORTIER":https://github.com/CBenoit (documentation)

"Frans van DUNNE":https://github.com/FvD (documentation)

"Nicolas GAUD":http://www.arakhne.org/homes/gaud.html <gaud@arakhne.org> (bibtex style)

"Maxime PINARD":https://github.com/pinam45 <maxime.pin@live.fr> (documentation)

h2. License

GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE.


